TOF powder diffraction GUI (#33820)
mantidproject/mantid: docs/source/interfaces/direct/dns_powder_tof/dns_powder_tof_script_generator_tab.rst

.. _dns_powder_tof_script_generator_tab-ref:

DNS Script Generator Tab
------------------------

.. image::  ../../../images/DNS_interface_powder_tof_script_generator_tab.png
   :align: center
   :height: 400px
\

This tab enables a user to generate and run a mantid script for data reduction
by clicking on the **Generate Script** button.

**Automatic Script Filename** checkbox is selected by default and the output
script filename in this case will be set automatically to

> ``script_samplename_from_firstfilenumber_to_lastfilenumber.py``. Alternatively,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``script_{sample name}_from_{first file number}_to_{last file number}.py``. Alternatively,
```
